'Key' [(window)] Keyname Context Modifiers Function::

Binds a keyboard key to a specified fvwm command, or removes the binding
if Function is '-'. The syntax is the same as for a Mouse binding except
that the mouse button number is replaced with a Keyname. Normally, the key
binding is activated when the key is pressed. Keyname is a standard X11
key name as defined in /usr/include/X11/keysymdef.h, (without the XK_
prefix), or the keysym database /usr/X11R6/lib/X11/XKeysymDB. Only key
names that are generated with no modifier keys or with just the Shift key
held are guaranteed to work. The Context and Modifiers fields are defined
as in the Mouse binding. However, when you press a key the context window
is the window that has the keyboard focus. That is not necessarily the
same as the window the pointer is over (with SloppyFocus or ClickToFocus).
Note that key bindings with the 'R' (root window) context do not work
properly with SloppyFocus and ClickToFocus. If you encounter problems, use
the PointerKey command instead. If you want to bind keys to a window with
SloppyFocus or ClickToFocus that are supposed to work when the pointer is
not over the window, fvwm assumes the pointer is over the client window
(i.e. you have to use the 'W' context).

The special context 'M' for menus can be used to (re)define the menu
controls. It be used alone or together with 'T', 'S', 'I', '[', ']', '-'
and '_'. See the Menu Bindings section for details.

The following example binds the built-in window list to pop up when
Alt-Ctrl-Shift-F11 is hit, no matter where the mouse pointer is:

-----
Key F11 A SCM WindowList
-----

Binding a key to a title-bar button causes that button to appear. Please
refer to the Mouse command for details.
